# Daily Tech Challenge #8
# Here's rails. Do what you can.

I know, I know. "Do what you can" - SMART goals, right? I'm in danger of being
called a dilettante. Or I would be if that was actually a word people tossed
around. Anyhow... Today, in keeping with the theme, my challenge is to explore,
from a standing start, technology that has been in the developer tool chest for
going on two decades, but which has at any rate sat there unused by me. Rails is
today's focus, and while I don't have time for anything other than a surface
level treatment of this highly established technology, I have a feeling that -
like subways or mining carts - Rails goes deep.

So as to not reduce these posts to hastily transcribed logs of setup commands,
my is plan to sink my teeth into Rails over the next *several* challenges,
possibly even for a month, with integrations and deep-dives being the name of
the game.

As a first exercise, and in order to build something that doesn't already have
Googols of guides written for it (maybe only half an umpteen?), I'd like to try
my hand at building a simple calendar in Rails. I'd *like* to, but I won't. Not
today. I haven't much hope of getting past the blog exercises today, since there
are volumes of information to digest on this long standing, well-attended
behemoth of convention, and in order to do something that's actually worth
writing about, I would like to give it more than an evening's time.

## Focus

My focus is honestly just to get through as much documentation as I can, and if
possible, distil some of what I learn into a post. The latter is looking less
realistic by the minute, so let's call this a failed daily tech challenge and
move on with our lives - but stay tuned, as there's more to come: by plane,
train, or... by train. It's by train. Because rails.
